Aug 27, 2025

## Docs & Community AI Specialist Group \- Transcript

### 00:00:00

   
**Joseph Fajen:** Hey Neil, doing okay.  
**Neil Burgess:** Oh, Joseph. There you go.  
**Joseph Fajen:** How about you? Just starting a brand new day here.  
**Neil Burgess:** Just coming to the end of here.  
**Joseph Fajen:** How's your weather been in Australia?  
**Neil Burgess:** Um, it's just about the last week of winter, so it's it's a bit warmer than usual at the moment. Um, kind of like 10 to 27 28, 10 overnight, 27 in the morning in the daytime. I'm hoping for it to get a bit closer to 20\. Looks like next week it'll be about tops of 22 23\. Yes, all  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Hi everyone.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Hey, Ela.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Who is it there? Motion AI note taker. Is it something new? Uh like instead of Gemini.  
**Joseph Fajen:** I don't know. Oh, I I uh I I said yes to Gemini. That's all I know.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Ah okay.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Is that anything you did, Neil? No. Maybe it's something new related to Gemini or some other attendee.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Okay.  
**Neil Burgess:** No, no, there was nothing I did.  
   
 

### 00:01:42

   
**Neil Burgess:** These these note these note takers have been hopping up in my meetings all over the place. Most annoying.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Oh, really? Hey, Alan.  
**Allan Martínez:** Hello Olga.  
**Neil Burgess:** Well, all of them  
**Allan Martínez:** Hello everyone.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Hey, Ellen. Good to see you.  
**Allan Martínez:** Long time no see.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Yeah.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Glad you could join us today.  
**Allan Martínez:** Yeah. Last last time I had a meeting uh in parallel to this one. So I I couldn't make it is that we're we're testing this tool with Carlos and um it's it's very it's very funny because uh at the end of each each meeting it's like as it's like uh agents assistant  
**Joseph Fajen:** You have to bring your digital twin.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Yeah.  
**Allan Martínez:** agents. So you have coaches, you have a calendar assistant.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Good.  
**Allan Martínez:** So after every meeting you get a coach telling you how you did.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Oh my god, it's judging constructive.  
**Allan Martínez:** He's judging actually.  
**Neil Burgess:** Oh dear.  
**Allan Martínez:** So when I receive heavy feedback is great.  
   
 

### 00:02:47

   
**Joseph Fajen:** Wow. No kidding.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Hi Lars.  
**Allan Martínez:** Yeah. Hello Lars.  
**Neil Burgess:** Bye.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Hey, Lars.  
**Lars Brünjes:** Hello.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Alan was just telling us about um AI assistant that judges you after calls. It tells you how you did.  
**Lars Brünjes:** Oh. Oh.  
**Allan Martínez:** It the the the good thing is is in a constructive way.  
**Lars Brünjes:** Okay.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Yeah. We say constructive. We all know that it's what it's doing fun.  
**Allan Martínez:** Yeah.  
**Joseph Fajen:** I'm not sure if we have more joining us today, but I think we could just um get started. And have you all seen my um special request for today?  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Yep. Let's open those notes.  
**Joseph Fajen:** What I'm um would like to do if everybody is uh doesn't mind is I thought this could be a great opportunity to uh get everybody's input from this particular group on this upcoming project that Olga and I are going to be driving forward um for an AI assistant um chatbot interactive thing for essential Cardano plus more.  
   
 

### 00:04:19

   
**Joseph Fajen:** And I had a good meeting yesterday with um a couple of people from Glob and Enterprise and I was really happy with what I saw there. It seems like a really good platform. Um a lot of flexibility. Um and with IoG's relationship with them already going, um it seems like a good way to go. Uh I didn't see any limitations. Um, if anything, the challenge might be it's it's kind of open with what's possible. We can create a um unique workflow just for our thing. We can basically build an agent um where it does doesn't only do rag, but we could al if if we needed to, it could even do a web search. You know, not that we would need that, but there's a lot of workflow potential there. Um, so I wanted to just brainstorm with with everybody. Uh, and I have a few a few bullet points we could just go down, but um, I just thought this could be a great chance to capture people's ideas and input.  
**Allan Martínez:** Thank you.  
   
 

### 00:05:23

   
**Joseph Fajen:** Um, also more generally, I think it would be I like the idea is trying this out is if we can have maybe a short list of pending things we could work on together and for each of these meetings, we could potentially have some specific um focus that we're that we're collaborating on in some in some way. Um, so for for this one, uh, let's see. Okay, I'm just going to go down this list and get some com, you know, get some ideas rolling. Um, what are some top user scenarios that the assistant should handle?  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Yep.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Well, um, so like if you're approaching one of these kinds of things, let's say in the in the case of the midnight docs, they have got one of these widgets out there. Um, what would you expect it to do? Well, Let's focus on essential Cardano.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Are we speaking about the midnight docs as an example or are we approaching it as an AI assistant for EC for essential? Okay.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Yeah.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** So if for Midnight it is more of a developer focus because they have lots of different tutorials and developer documentation that a person might get lost in. For Essential Cardano I think the target audience is a general user  
   
 

### 00:06:33

   
**Joseph Fajen:** Yeah.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** because Essential Cardano itself is a communitydriven resource and it aims to explain different u terms frequently asked questions along with different updates and blogs that we publish there. But mostly it's it's about explaining the basics and explaining how a user could navigate through different scenarios. So I would say that the target person here persona is um a general user. So one is the one who is looking for basic explainers like what is a token, what is an asset, what is a native token for example. And another could be like a more advanced user who is looking to find the resources like what is governance? How do I participate in governance? How do I vote on proposals? So that person already knows what Cardano is. They come having a question in mind but this question is a little bit more complex or advanced than just like what is a native token. So I would say that we have like a general user one is like who is um basic uh basic knowledge and a more techsavvy person and then I think we could um discuss um more technical roles like say engineers, developers for example stake pool operators.  
   
 

### 00:08:11

   
**Olga Hryniuk:** So people looking for specific updates like how do I do this? Where do I find that information? How do I install a node? How do I do something? So for that person, the role of EC would be to guide them to more advanced resources. And if that's tutorials for example or how to guides, it would guide to the developer portal. If we're speaking about our latest updates, something we publish on the IO blog, it would analyze and assess content from the last couple of months but no further. so that we don't like publish old material again it would link yeah ds would be another person persona yeah it would link like to the resources um so yes and and I think that's like very very general thing because we can take more techsavvy people and we could divide them into sposs dpps um builders developers ers companies who collaborate with us on doing something and looking for information. What do you think?  
**Joseph Fajen:** I that that's that's that's interesting. I wanted to ask you about um how do you see people generally finding the essential Cardano site versus versus some other site?  
   
 

### 00:09:39

   
**Joseph Fajen:** because it sounds like, you know, what you're describing is almost like it's the front lobby of this huge Cardano complex. Uh, and I'm wondering what's your what's your u understanding of how people find essential Cardano, how they get there.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** that that's a very good question because I think that might not be the first resource which will pop up in the uh Google search. Um yeah, I think the reason why we want this to have an essential Cardano is to promote it more. So we want the community to own this resource so that they find it as a place where they can um upload their content, learn more from what we share like collaborate with others. So I think the idea is to to promote EC but then how do we make it like the first place to go to? I don't know maybe using social media you know marketing strategy having it in place things like that but yeah it's a very good Mhm.  
**Joseph Fajen:** But once they Okay. Uh but once they're there, well, promoting it is an interesting thing.  
   
 

### 00:10:51

   
**Joseph Fajen:** Um let's see. I wonder if anybody has other ideas about um what scenarios it should handle. Well, so um but you're saying what I'm hearing so far is it it's going to have knowledge of certain other sites that we that we you know um uh build into its knowledge base and we build into its awareness of certain sites. Um so it should be able to direct people effectively to the right place based on their questions.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Yes.  
**Joseph Fajen:** So that's one part of it. Um and then also answering questions well about essential Cordano itself. What someone would find within the essential Cordono site without going elsewhere. Um uh so so it needs to have a good handle on all that.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Yeah.  
**Joseph Fajen:** And then also think about um promoting recent contact content and then content that's older than some amount of time. It would really de deemphasize.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Mhm.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Um are there completely different kind of user scenarios?  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Yeah.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Anybody can imagine that this would be uh because I haven't I haven't spent gobs of time at on essential Cardono.  
   
 

### 00:12:19

   
**Joseph Fajen:** I I um seems like I should have. That's kind of scandalous to say.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Yeah. The thing about EC if we um if we think what do we have there like the core content that it suggests is like explanations of the basics. We have a really good glossery there. We've been working on it with differentmemes. So we have the glossery to which we link from other sites. We have cool FAQs. All of these are now um being um like widened so expanded right by other uh community members and some entities. So they add more of their terms. So that's really good. So this is like the base of that foundation. And besides uh we also have like a quick start guide like how to get started with Cardano. that uh article is pretty popular. It explains everything from what a blockchain is to how to take a part in governance. We have governance tools article which Ivan constantly grows with different um entities and tools and uh all of that sort sort of stuff.  
   
 

### 00:13:40

   
**Olga Hryniuk:** So we have some of those and those are like the main uh pieces which are really worth attention because if we speak about blog posts those are usually duplicated from the IOK.io website.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Okay. Okay. So, this is really it seems like it's geared toward the broader community, the overall community. Okay.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Exactly. We also have graphics there.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Um what would you what were you calling that?  
**Olga Hryniuk:** So helpful for visual representation of complex topics. Infographics  
**Joseph Fajen:** Infographics. Yeah. Um what about let's look at the boundaries of what would fall over into areas that we might say oh this behavior is a failure is what we don't want. like how would we carve out some of the outer boundaries for like you know we do not want it to spill over into giving people investment advice or or making promises that that cannot be kept or I don't  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Yes.  
**Joseph Fajen:** know I mean uh what would be I guess I mean we would have to build in some some um some boundaries to to kind of give it guard rails.  
   
 

### 00:14:53

   
**Allan Martínez:** Rails cars.  
**Joseph Fajen:** What' you say Alan?  
**Allan Martínez:** Yeah.  
**Joseph Fajen:** guardrails rules. That's that's a given. Um we have to keep it in in the in the appropriate lanes. And if people are trying to maliciously push it out and and saying I want a fancy truck for $1, um we have to have the guardrails in place to prevent that. Um but um what additional examples of failing might be useful to explore here? Like what if they what if they're looking for um Lars? They they want Lars to come on the the web page and just tell them about Plutus. Um if people are well if if somebody's searching for Lars and the Plutous Pioneer program lectures or something, they might be they might go to Google would probably tell them to go somewhere else. Um but um but actually that would be that I don't know if people would be asking those kind of questions. This would be you know maybe testing uh when we get some testing going on. But uh I wonder if the I wonder if the question of what would be some examples of failure is that is that a helpful question to to really entertain?  
   
 

### 00:16:06

   
**Olga Hryniuk:** Yeah.  
**Allan Martínez:** I need  
**Joseph Fajen:** Um okay.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Well, I think pricing of course. So, we don't speak about prices. We don't talk about cryptocurrency growing. No investment advice as you've mentioned. Uh no code samples because I'm not sure it will handle that and C is not like the target place for that. So  
**Allan Martínez:** Yeah.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Okay. So maybe maybe the it's really about rules and guardrails and um I also wanted to brainstorm about system prompts. I wonder if anybody here has um examples or references or just uh you know the whole topic of system prompt um is a really important aspect that determines kind of the  
**Allan Martínez:** Thank you very  
**Joseph Fajen:** personality and behavior and and it's kind of its operating instructions. Um, but I'm wondering if anyone has thoughts about particular qualities to a system prompt that would make really good sense here.  
**Allan Martínez:** and a headache.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Um, it could it could connect to its communication style, um, its instructions in terms of it it would tie into to a a workflow.  
   
 

### 00:17:40

   
**Joseph Fajen:** Like if somebody's asking about this kind of question, they'll be guided down one pathway of a workflow. If they're asking other kinds of questions, they'll be guided down potentially a different workflow. So that could be part of it. But but the um communication style or potentially adapting to different people's communication requests could be a part of it. kind of its psychology and um directives for how to behave.  
**Allan Martínez:** It is not because Joseph Do do you see this  
**Joseph Fajen:** It might be good to actually gather up um a few examples of system prompts for similar projects that we think would be really relevant. And that would be a research question to find those.  
**Allan Martínez:** um agent uh a single agent serving all these personas or multiple agents depending on what you're looking for? What what's the the scope on this?  
**Joseph Fajen:** That's a great question. I don't know yet. Uh I think either approach is is valid to consider. Um, I I don't know. I mean, I think a simpler architecture would probably be preferable if it's going to really do the job, but it might also be that having two or three agents in the workflow could make sense.  
   
 

### 00:19:18

   
**Joseph Fajen:** It just kind of depends. Um,  
**Allan Martínez:** Yeah, because what I'm thinking is uh you have a already a pilot here the multi systematic analysis. So depending on the question we can flow to the different racks or sources that we can construct uh behind the the LLM. So it you you have a single input for simplicity issues because uh uh we have different the stakeholders, different personas, different sources of information and uh when sources of information uh like go one ahead or or or parallel in in other we won't get the accurest part in the rack. So if we can have the clear rolls uh design, it will be easier for for setting up the racks. I I think just just as a as a as a as an idea like like rats sources different sources  
**Joseph Fajen:** I want to understand what you're saying a little bit better. Um, are you suggesting like if we have let's say several several agents, is that what you were talking about with Yeah. Yeah.  
**Allan Martínez:** behind the behind the same um prompting LLM but the the the rack prompt will be design according to each use case.  
   
 

### 00:20:37

   
**Joseph Fajen:** Yep.  
**Allan Martínez:** It's just occurring to me like for example notebook LM that you have different like preconstructed prompts timeline video uh audio summary. So we can have like developer uh common user in in some other language, right? More more user friendly. But but I was thinking that behind those buttons you have a like an specific rack for each use case.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Okay, I see. So, so yeah, for each given use case, it would have its own designated rag source because it's it's pointing in a different direction for the content.  
**Allan Martínez:** Yep.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Yeah, that makes sense. And that would tie into um what is our knowledge base? what's what's the what's the entire uh content? What's the entire scope of our knowledge base? Whether it's or whether we're thinking of it as one knowledge base or maybe multiple knowledge bases. Maybe that's sort of a a word choice because um you know we could say the knowledge base consists of three different rag uh constructions possibly. Um, okay. I think it's good to just hear some different ideas.  
   
 

### 00:22:18

   
**Joseph Fajen:** Um, I would like to find, you know, two or three example system prompts for comparison and just see what would be most relevant for our use case and um, you know, just take advantage of what other what what's been working well elsewhere. Um okay there's this idea about um our first version to test and release like what would be the initial version and then would there be uh areas of functionality that might come later in time that would be great to have but they're not essential for the first round. you know, we could think in terms of um uh making that kind of distinction. So, I wanted to find out if anybody has thoughts about that. Um uh like this, we could start with a li more limited scope and then gradually add to that. Um, I think some of this may tie into once we get our our definition of of the complete knowledge base that we that we're wanting to have and looking at that and determining how much work that's going to be or what what the plan for that will look like and whether it makes sense to break that up into stages or maybe not.  
   
 

### 00:23:45

   
**Joseph Fajen:** Maybe we can just do it all. there's no need to um segment segment that into phase one or phase two. Um  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Yeah, I think that would depend on how it goes with fitting uh the tool with the content. So, uh creating this knowledge base uh perhaps we could start from the size that we discussed. So Cardano docs, central Cardano HKO block, Intersect knowledge base that should be there for sure. Intersect especially because it has all of the governance explainers. But as team mentioned before, it would be also cool if it could answer research questions. So if it could analyze our research library, explain something in simple terms and link to the research paper. I think that's a bright example like of the extension as as a second uh stage to take on. So that that might use it.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Ah, great. Great.  
**Allan Martínez:** just to complement uh you there Olga. Um we're going to have a first pilot of a research AI. The main base is the the the research papers that we have uh published on site around 250\. So probably we'll have that pilot this week or the next.  
   
 

### 00:24:57

   
**Olga Hryniuk:** Mhm. Wow.  
**Allan Martínez:** So that that that can be uh included in in in your project too.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Okay.  
**Neil Burgess:** Okay.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Awesome.  
**Joseph Fajen:** I wonder how that would work. Would it be um something that we would point to or something that we could somehow also include in the scope of of our project? I'm not sure how the landscape of that would look like.  
**Allan Martínez:** the idea of of that uh that rag is already being created. Joseph, I'm going to put you in contact with with Luis, the person that is managing it. And the idea of this is to be connected to a Slack. So, it's going to be a Slack bot where you can answer questions. the qu the answers are going to be returned with a specific quotes from the research paper.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Mhm.  
**Allan Martínez:** So it's going to return the the section uh of the paper regarding the question you did all the references. So so that's that's the idea of how it's supposed to work. So, uh I don't know if if I answer your question.  
   
 

### 00:26:07

   
**Joseph Fajen:** I think that I I think it was asking like an architectural question about what would be the best way to uh interface with that bag.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Mhm.  
**Joseph Fajen:** uh uh would it be something we would build into our system as like, oh yeah, we have that as well versus referring people to something else that's been built or is it more about the rag that's been constructed and we can just use that and is being created by this different Thanks.  
**Allan Martínez:** I think you can use it the rack because the the sources of information are are going to be the same, right? But we don't want to mix other information there because it's only research papers, IOG research papers. So what is going to return are specific quotes from the research papers.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Mhm.  
**Allan Martínez:** So, it it can be used as a as a standalone uh rack, but as I mentioned before, you can connect it as an independent rack behind the the the Correct.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Okay. I see. So we could include it in in the capabilities of this, but it doesn't interfere with the other uh implementation.  
   
 

### 00:27:07

   
**Olga Hryniuk:** That's Yeah.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Sorry, I'll go  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Uh it's just it could be so great to have that on the research page on the website where you go to the research papers and you have this bot for example and you just ask questions and you get snippets from the papers. That's cool. Oh, is it also built using Glob? Um yeah. Mhm. Perfect.  
**Joseph Fajen:** that'd be great to understand how they did their work on the Globin platform. Okay, let's see. Well, we've covered the the items that I wanted to address uh so far. Um let's see. And then we've scheduled this technically for 30 minutes. We can wrap it up soon if people would like to do that. Uh or we can keep going a little bit beyond if if if there's a desire or need to do that. But I'm really happy with this. This has been a really really helpful opportunity to gather thoughts from you all. Um, Olga, what am I not what have we not um talked about yet?  
   
 

### 00:28:36

   
**Joseph Fajen:** Um, right.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Oh, I think there will be much more later.  
**Joseph Fajen:** This is just kind of a first pass. There will be more. Um, let's see.  
**Neil Burgess:** Yeah, I think I think it's um there's the issue of internal information versus external information. We have to make sure that the um the scope of its sources didn't include anything that wasn't um public domain.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Mhm.  
**Neil Burgess:** We don't have to bear that in mind as we were going through it because we would be able to point it to sources that would not be available to the general public and we would be have to be  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Good point.  
**Neil Burgess:** pay attention so that we didn't do that inadvertently.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Yeah, it sounds like part of the system prompt, right? Where we would discuss tone and then internal external.  
**Neil Burgess:** Yes.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Well, it shouldn't take anything internal into account since we will be linking to external websites with already publicly available information. But it's really good to keep in mind in case anything goes in different direction.  
   
 

### 00:29:51

   
**Neil Burgess:** Yes. Yep.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Great. So Joseph and I we agreed that we'll start a document where we will uh have a table um explaining like indicating the resources for growing the knowledge base. So it will most probably be something like a two column table. one will indicate a resource. So for example, essential Cardano and the in the second column will provide notes like uh use information from glossery and FAQs for general uh questions or don't use information from outdated material stuff like that. So there will be we'll indicate the resources we could use and then we'll share that list because of course we're old people.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Mhm.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** We can miss something. We might forget about some useful resources that are out there. So that's something to get going and we can also add a section on system prompts there Joseph u and just like I don't know maybe note down some thoughts and when we will be able to see that maybe  
**Lars Brünjes:** Has any of you ever tried to  
**Olga Hryniuk:** it will give us you know uh some traction like uh for further development and input.  
   
 

### 00:31:04

   
**Joseph Fajen:** That sounds great.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Yeah.  
**Lars Brünjes:** um create a system prompt? I mean asking AI to create a system prompt because I think that's actually quite useful.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Yeah, thanks Lars.  
**Lars Brünjes:** So Mhm.  
**Joseph Fajen:** That's a great great point. Uh I remember back in when I was doing a Marlo uh chatbot and I was using the custom GPT platform, they did have some resources for system prompts, but that was a couple years ago. Um I think they had some templates and they had some tools for helping you develop one.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Heat.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Uh but I haven't thought about it very carefully in a while. So do you have some thoughts Lars about um is it your question of just uh uh how you approach prompting for for uh system prompt assistance  
**Lars Brünjes:** Yeah, I mean I've also read some guides but and normally I try just by myself but I've also at least once asked JBT just to basically craft one for me or or look at an exist existing one and optimize it and I basically told it what I want to achieve and then like look at the existing one and then somehow write it concisely and in a compact form and that worked very well actually I think I mean of course you never know I mean to do it properly you would have to try 10 different ones and do experiments and so on but so it's all more art than science but I mean it looked convincingly  
   
 

### 00:32:35

   
**Lars Brünjes:** good what he came up with so I think if you if So if you basically just chat with it and then say okay we doing this documentation side is important this is important that is important no financial advice  
**Joseph Fajen:** Yeah.  
**Lars Brünjes:** no this no that uh polite and professional um I I think it would come up with something at least that one could consider as a basis This  
**Joseph Fajen:** Mhm. Yeah. I wonder if it would be worthwhile to have two different system prompts, two or three different system prompts, and just experiment with with what they're like, or is it better to just really focus on developing one, test it, and refine Yeah.  
**Lars Brünjes:** I mean I think the like if you had lots of time and budget the proper way would probably be to have two or three and then have different test groups. and make I mean ask them to test the thing and then afterwards fill in a survey and give points and then you take the one that somehow is best but I'm not sure whether we can go through that effort or want to so probably I mean I would just go with something and then fix it.  
   
 

### 00:33:36

   
**Joseph Fajen:** Yeah. Yeah.  
**Lars Brünjes:** I mean if there are problems or complaints or whatever then then try to correct it afterwards.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Yeah, that sounds good.  
**Lars Brünjes:** I was also wondering um when uh Ellen said about the research bot whether that's difficult to do. I mean I like that with I think Gemini does that at least sometimes that it gives you the sources. I mean when it does web searches or so and gives you an answer it always has these footnotes where you can actually click on the source. I mean that would be really nice I think for something like this. I mean where we where people are worried about hallucination and so on. Um I wonder how difficult that is. probably not that difficult, right? Because in the rack database, you could probably always include like the reference to every snippet you put in there and then it should be relatively straightforward to ask the LLM to uh to quote that as well. I think that would be a nice touch.  
**Allan Martínez:** That's the idea.  
   
 

### 00:34:40

   
**Allan Martínez:** Yep. That's the idea with this project research that it can return not only the reference but the the specific quotation where it's making the the like the source.  
**Lars Brünjes:** Yeah. Yeah.  
**Allan Martínez:** So what what I can do is put you in contact with with the people that's constructing this uh Joseph and Lars just for you to have the idea of how they did it and if they can provide all  
**Lars Brünjes:** Right.  
**Allan Martínez:** the feedback regarding this for you can apply it on on this project too.  
**Lars Brünjes:** right? I mean, yeah, exactly.  
**Joseph Fajen:** I know it's possible to yesterday when I met with the two globin uh people they showed me an example of of it would um site sources and link to those documents.  
**Lars Brünjes:** I think that would be nice.  
**Joseph Fajen:** So if you want to uh click the links and just go to those documents, you can do that. That's one approach. Um and it's it's possible we could build in um uh the the the ability to do a web search if that was relevant for us.  
   
 

### 00:35:37

   
**Joseph Fajen:** I'm not sure if it is, but uh that could be included in the workflow. um like are there any you know I don't know that that might be beyond the scope of what we're really trying to do but it is it is possible that we could um ask it to make you know do web searches Yeah,  
**Lars Brünjes:** right? I think as long as it's clearly marked, I mean, if it says, "Okay, this information is in the docs and I also did a web search. I searched for this and and that's what I got to make it clear that that's not in in the docs that it's sort of maybe less reliable information. I think that would be cool at least as a as a future extension.  
**Joseph Fajen:** we could consider that, right? Great. Well, um maybe we can call it a wrap unless anyone has any other thoughts they want to share or questions. Um I think we've covered some really good ground here. Um and um and do you think this is a useful way to use our time at least selectively to focus on some particular project uh like this?  
**Lars Brünjes:** Mhm.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Yes.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Yeah.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Yeah.  
**Lars Brünjes:** Yes.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** Absolutely.  
**Joseph Fajen:** Okay.  
**Olga Hryniuk:** We can choose like different topics and discuss. So this was this one was important like to us because we're currently like enrolling into this. Next time we can talk about something else. So that's cool. Yeah.  
**Lars Brünjes:** Thank you.  
   
 

### Transcription ended after 00:37:40

*This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.*