Aug 27, 2025

## Docs & Community AI Specialist Group \- Transcript

### 00:00:00

   
**JF:** Hey Neil, doing okay.  
**NB:** Oh, Joseph. There you go.  
**JF:** How about you? Just starting a brand new day here.  
**NB:** Just coming to the end of here.  
**JF:** How's your weather been in Australia?  
**NB:** , it's just about the last week of winter, so it's it's a bit warmer than usual at the moment. , kind of like 10 to 27 28, 10 overnight, 27 in the morning in the daytime. I'm hoping for it to get a bit closer to 20\. Looks like next week it'll be about tops of 22 23\. Yes, all  
**OH:** Hi everyone.  
**JF:** Hey, Ela.  
**OH:** Who is it there? Motion AI note taker. Is it something new? like instead of Gemini.  
**JF:** I don't know. Oh, I I I I said yes to Gemini. That's all I know.  
**OH:** Ah okay.  
**JF:** Is that anything you did, Neil? No. Maybe it's something new related to Gemini or some other attendee.  
**OH:** Okay.  
**NB:** No, no, there was nothing I did.  
   
 

### 00:01:42

   
**NB:** These these note these note takers have been hopping up in my meetings all over the place. Most annoying.  
**OH:** Oh, really? Hey, Alan.  
**AM:** Hello Olga.  
**NB:** Well, all of them  
**AM:** Hello everyone.  
**JF:** Hey, Ellen. Good to see you.  
**AM:** Long time no see.  
**OH:** Yeah.  
**JF:** Glad you could join us today.  
**AM:** Yeah. Last last time I had a meeting in parallel to this one. So I I couldn't make it is that we're we're testing this tool with Carlos and  it's it's very it's very funny because at the end of each each meeting it's like as it's like agents assistant  
**JF:** You have to bring your digital twin.  
**OH:** Yeah.  
**AM:** agents. So you have coaches, you have a calendar assistant.  
**OH:** Good.  
**AM:** So after every meeting you get a coach telling you how you did.  
**OH:** Oh my god, it's judging constructive.  
**AM:** He's judging actually.  
**NB:** Oh dear.  
**AM:** So when I receive heavy feedback is great.  
   
 

### 00:02:47

   
**JF:** Wow. No kidding.  
**OH:** Hi Lars.  
**AM:** Yeah. Hello Lars.  
**NB:** Bye.  
**JF:** Hey, Lars.  
**LB:** Hello.  
**OH:** Alan was just telling us about  AI assistant that judges you after calls. It tells you how you did.  
**LB:** Oh. Oh.  
**AM:** It the the the good thing is is in a constructive way.  
**LB:** Okay.  
**OH:** Yeah. We say constructive. We all know that it's what it's doing fun.  
**AM:** Yeah.  
**JF:** I'm not sure if we have more joining us today, but I think we could just  get started. And have you all seen my  special request for today?  
**OH:** Yep. Let's open those notes.  
**JF:** What I'm  would like to do if everybody is doesn't mind is I thought this could be a great opportunity to get everybody's input from this particular group on this upcoming project that Olga and I are going to be driving forward for an AI assistant chatbot interactive thing for essential Cardano plus more.  
   
 

### 00:04:19

   
**JF:** And I had a good meeting yesterday with a couple of people from Globant Enterprise and I was really happy with what I saw there. It seems like a really good platform with a lot of flexibility. And with IOG's relationship with them already going, it seems like a good way to go. I didn't see any limitations. If anything, the challenge might be it's kind of open with what's possible. We can create a unique workflow just for our thing. We can basically build an agent where it doesn't only do rag, but we could even do a web search. You know, not that we would need that, but there's a lot of workflow potential there. So I wanted to just brainstorm with with everybody. and I have a few a few bullet points we could just go down, but I just thought this could be a great chance to capture people's ideas and input.  
**AM:** Thank you.  
   
 

### 00:05:23

   
**JF:** Also more generally, I think it would be I like the idea is trying this out is if we can have maybe a short list of pending things we could work on together and for each of these meetings, we could potentially have some specific focus that we're that we're collaborating on in some in some way. so for for this one, let's see. Okay, I'm just going to go down this list and get some com, you know, get some ideas rolling. what are some top user scenarios that the assistant should handle?  
**OH:** Yep.  
**JF:** Well, so like if you're approaching one of these kinds of things, let's say in the in the case of the midnight docs, they have got one of these widgets out there. what would you expect it to do? Well, Let's focus on essential Cardano.  
**OH:** Are we speaking about the midnight docs as an example or are we approaching it as an AI assistant for EC for essential? Okay.  
**JF:** Yeah.  
**OH:** So if for Midnight it is more of a developer focus because they have lots of different tutorials and developer documentation that a person might get lost in. 

# For Essential Cardano, the target audience is a general user.  
   
 

### 00:06:33

   
**JF:** Yeah.  
**OH:** Because Essential Cardano itself is a community driven resource and it aims to explain different user terms frequently asked questions along with different updates and blogs that we publish there. But mostly it's about explaining the basics and explaining how a user could navigate through different scenarios. So I would say that the target person here persona is a general user. So one is the one who is looking for basic explainers like what is a token, what is an asset, what is a native token for example. And another could be like a more advanced user who is looking to find the resources like what is governance? How do I participate in governance? How do I vote on proposals? So that person already knows what Cardano is. They come having a question in mind but this question is a little bit more complex or advanced than just like what is a native token. So I would say that we have like a general user one is like who is basic basic knowledge and a more techsavvy person and then I think we could discuss more technical roles like say engineers, developers for example stake pool operators.  
   
 

### 00:08:11

   
**OH:** So people looking for specific updates like how do I do this? Where do I find that information? How do I install a node? How do I do something? So for that person, the role of EC would be to guide them to more advanced resources. And if that's tutorials for example or how to guides, it would guide to the developer portal. If we're speaking about our latest updates, something we publish on the IO blog, it would analyze and assess content from the last couple of months but no further. So that we don't like publish old material again it would link yeah ds would be another person persona yeah it would link like to the resources so yes and and I think that's like very general thing because we can take more techsavvy people and we could divide them into sposs dpps builders developers ers companies who collaborate with us on doing something and looking for information. What do you think?  
**JF:** I that that's interesting. I wanted to ask you about how do you see people generally finding the essential Cardano site versus some other site?  
   
 

### 00:09:39

   
**JF:** Because it sounds like, you know, what you're describing is almost like it's the front lobby of this huge Cardano complex. And I'm wondering what's your understanding of how people find Essential Cardano, how they get there.  
**OH:** That's a very good question because I think that might not be the first resource which will pop up in the Google search. yeah, I think the reason why we want this to have an Essential Cardano is to promote it more. So we want the community to own this resource so that they find it as a place where they can upload their content, learn more from what we share like collaborate with others. So I think the idea is to to promote Essential Cardano but then how do we make it like the first place to go to? I don't know maybe using social media you know marketing strategy having it in place things like that but yeah it's a very good Mhm.  
**JF:** But once they Okay. but once they're there, well, promoting it is an interesting thing.  
   
 

### 00:10:51

   
**JF:** I wonder if anybody has other ideas about what scenarios it should handle. Well, so but you're saying what I'm hearing so far is it it's going to have knowledge of certain other sites that we that we you know build into its knowledge base and we build into its awareness of certain sites. so it should be able to direct people effectively to the right place based on their questions.  
**OH:** Yes.  
**JF:** So that's one part of it. and then also answering questions well about Essential Cardano itself. What someone would find within the Essential Cardono site without going elsewhere. so so it needs to have a good handle on all that.  
**OH:** Yeah.  
**JF:** And then also think about promoting recent content and then content that's older than some amount of time. It would really deemphasize.  
**OH:** Mhm.  
**JF:** Are there completely different kind of user scenarios?  
**OH:** Yeah.  
**JF:** Anybody can imagine that this would be because I haven't spent gobs of time on Essential Cardano.  
   
 

### 00:12:19

   
**JF:** It seems like I should have. That's kind of scandalous to say.  
**OH:** Yeah. The thing about Essential Cardano if we think what do we have there like the core content that it suggests is like explanations of the basics. We have a really good glossary there. We've been working on it with different memes. So we have the glossery to which we link from other sites. We have cool FAQs. All of these are now being like widened so expanded right by other community members and some entities. So they add more of their terms. So that's really good. So this is like the base of that foundation. And besides we also have like a quick start guide like how to get started with Cardano. That article is pretty popular. It explains everything from what a blockchain is to how to take a part in governance. We have governance tools article which Ivan constantly grows with different entities and tools and all of that sort sort of stuff.  
   
 

### 00:13:40

   
**OH:** So we have some of those and those are like the main pieces which are really worth attention because if we speak about blog posts those are usually duplicated from the IOHK.io website.  
**JF:** Okay. So, this is really it seems like it's geared toward the broader community, the overall community. Okay.  
**OH:** Exactly. We also have graphics there.  
**JF:** what would you what were you calling that?  
**OH:** So helpful for visual representation of complex topics. Infographics  
**JF:** Infographics. Yeah. what about let's look at the boundaries of what would fall over into areas that we might say oh this behavior is a failure is what we don't want. like how would we carve out some of the outer boundaries for like you know we do not want it to spill over into giving people investment advice or or making promises that that cannot be kept or I don't  
**OH:** Yes.  
**JF:** I mean what would be would have to build in some some some boundaries to kind of give it guard rails.  
   
 

### 00:14:53

   
**AM:** Rails cars.  
**JF:** What'd you say Alan?  
**AM:** Yeah.  
**JF:** guardrails rules. That's that's a given. we have to keep it in the appropriate lanes. And if people are trying to maliciously push it out and and saying I want a fancy truck for $1, we have to have the guardrails in place to prevent that. but what additional examples of failing might be useful to explore here? Like what if they what if they're looking for Lars? They they want Lars to come on the the web page and just tell them about Plutus. if people are well if if somebody's searching for Lars and the Plutous Pioneer program lectures or something, they might be they might go to Google would probably tell them to go somewhere else. but but actually that would be that I don't know if people would be asking those kind of questions. This would be you know maybe testing when we get some testing going on. But I wonder if the question of what would be some examples of failure is that a helpful question to really entertain?  
   
 

### 00:16:06

   
**OH:** Yeah.  
**AM:** I need  
**JF:** okay.  
**OH:** Well, I think pricing of course. So, we don't speak about prices. We don't talk about cryptocurrency growing. No investment advice as you've mentioned. no code samples because I'm not sure it will handle that and C is not like the target place for that. So  
**AM:** Yeah.  
**JF:** Okay. So maybe it's really about rules and guardrails and I also wanted to brainstorm about system prompts. I wonder if anybody here has examples or references or just you know the whole topic of system prompt is a really important aspect that determines kind of the  
**AM:** Thank you very  
**JF:** personality and behavior and and it's kind of its operating instructions. but I'm wondering if anyone has thoughts about particular qualities to a system prompt that would make really good sense here.  
**AM:** and a headache.  
**JF:** it could connect to its communication style, its instructions in terms of it it would tie into to a a workflow.  
   
 

### 00:17:40

   
**JF:** Like if somebody's asking about this kind of question, they'll be guided down one pathway of a workflow. If they're asking other kinds of questions, they'll be guided down potentially a different workflow. So that could be part of it. But but the communication style or potentially adapting to different people's communication requests could be a part of it. kind of its psychology and directives for how to behave.  
**AM:** It is not because Joseph do you see this  
**JF:** It might be good to actually gather up a few examples of system prompts for similar projects that we think would be really relevant. And that would be a research question to find those.  
**AM:** agent a single agent serving all these personas or multiple agents depending on what you're looking for? What's the the scope on this?  
**JF:** That's a great question. I don't know yet. I think either approach is valid to consider. I don't know. I mean, I think a simpler architecture would probably be preferable if it's going to really do the job, but it might also be that having two or three agents in the workflow could make sense.  
   
 

### 00:19:18

   
**JF:** It just kind of depends.  
**AM:** Yeah, because what I'm thinking is you have a already a pilot here the multi systematic analysis. So depending on the question we can flow to the different racks or sources that we can construct behind the LLM. So it you you have a single input for simplicity issues because we have different the stakeholders, different personas, different sources of information and when sources of information like go one ahead or parallel in other we won't get the accurest part in the rack. So if we can have the clear rolls design, it will be easier for for setting up the racks. I I think just just as an idea like like rats sources different sources  
**JF:** I want to understand what you're saying a little bit better. are you suggesting like if we have let's say several several agents, is that what you were talking about with Yeah. Yeah.  
**AM:** behind the behind the same prompting LLM but the the the rack prompt will be design according to each use case.  
   
 

### 00:20:37

   
**JF:** Yep.  
**AM:** It's just occurring to me like for example notebook LM that you have different preconstructed prompts timeline video audio summary. So we can have like developer common user in in some other language, right? More more user friendly. But but I was thinking that behind those buttons you have a like an specific rack for each use case.  
**JF:** Okay, I see. So, so yeah, for each given use case, it would have its own designated rag source because it's it's pointing in a different direction for the content.  
**AM:** Yep.  
**JF:** Yeah, that makes sense. And that would tie into what is our knowledge base? what's what's the what's the entire content? What's the entire scope of our knowledge base? Whether it's or whether we're thinking of it as one knowledge base or maybe multiple knowledge bases. Maybe that's sort of a a word choice because you know we could say the knowledge base consists of three different rag constructions possibly. okay. I think it's good to just hear some different ideas.  
   
 

### 00:22:18

   
**JF:** I would like to find, you know, two or three example system prompts for comparison and just see what would be most relevant for our use case and you know, just take advantage of what other what what's been working well elsewhere. okay there's this idea about our first version to test and release like what would be the initial version and then would there be areas of functionality that might come later in time that would be great to have but they're not essential for the first round. you know, we could think in terms of making that kind of distinction. So, I wanted to find out if anybody has thoughts about that. like this, we could start with a li more limited scope and then gradually add to that. I think some of this may tie into once we get our our definition of of the complete knowledge base that we that we're wanting to have and looking at that and determining how much work that's going to be or what what the plan for that will look like and whether it makes sense to break that up into stages or maybe not.  
   
 

### 00:23:45

   
**JF:** Maybe we can just do it all. there's no need to segment segment that into phase one or phase two.  
**OH:** Yeah, I think that would depend on how it goes with fitting the tool with the content. So, creating this knowledge base perhaps we could start from the size that we discussed. 

- Cardano docs, 
- Central Cardano IOHK blogs, 
- Intersect knowledge base 

that should be there for sure. Intersect especially because it has all of the governance explainers. 

But as team mentioned before, it would be also cool if it could answer research questions. So if it could analyze our research library, explain something in simple terms and link to the research paper. I think that's a bright example like of the extension as as a second stage to take on. So that that might use it.  
**JF:** Ah, great. Great.  
**AM:** just to complement you there Olga. we're going to have a first pilot of a research AI. The main base is the the the research papers that we have published on site around 250\. So probably we'll have that pilot this week or the next.  
   
 

### 00:24:57

   
**OH:** Mhm. Wow.  
**AM:** So that that that can be included in in in your project too.  
**OH:** Okay.  
**NB:** Okay.  
**OH:** Awesome.  
**JF:** I wonder how that would work. Would it be something that we would point to or something that we could somehow also include in the scope of of our project? I'm not sure how the landscape of that would look like.  
**AM:** the idea of of that that rag is already being created. Joseph, I'm going to put you in contact with with Luis, the person that is managing it. And the idea of this is to be connected to a Slack. So, it's going to be a Slack bot where you can answer questions. the qu the answers are going to be returned with a specific quotes from the research paper.  
**OH:** Mhm.  
**AM:** So it's going to return the the section of the paper regarding the question you did all the references. So so that's that's the idea of how it's supposed to work. So, I don't know if if I answer your question.  
   
 

### 00:26:07

   
**JF:** I think that I I think it was asking like an architectural question about what would be the best way to interface with that bag.  
**OH:** Mhm.  
**JF:** would it be something we would build into our system as like, oh yeah, we have that as well versus referring people to something else that's been built or is it more about the rag that's been constructed and we can just use that and is being created by this different Thanks.  
**AM:** I think you can use it the rack because the the sources of information are are going to be the same, right? But we don't want to mix other information there because it's only research papers, IOG research papers. So what is going to return are specific quotes from the research papers.  
**OH:** Mhm.  
**AM:** So, it it can be used as a as a standalone rack, but as I mentioned before, you can connect it as an independent rack behind the the the Correct.  
**JF:** Okay. I see. So we could include it in in the capabilities of this, but it doesn't interfere with the other implementation.  
   
 

### 00:27:07

   
**OH:** That's Yeah.  
**JF:** Sorry, I'll go  
**OH:** it's just it could be so great to have that on the research page on the website where you go to the research papers and you have this bot for example and you just ask questions and you get snippets from the papers. That's cool. Oh, is it also built using Globant? yeah. Mhm. Perfect.  
**JF:** that'd be great to understand how they did their work on the Globant platform. Okay, let's see. Well, we've covered the the items that I wanted to address so far. let's see. And then we've scheduled this technically for 30 minutes. We can wrap it up soon if people would like to do that. or we can keep going a little bit beyond if if if there's a desire or need to do that. But I'm really happy with this. This has been a really really helpful opportunity to gather thoughts from you all. Olga, what am I not what have we not talked about yet?  
   
 

### 00:28:36

   
**JF:** right.  
**OH:** Oh, I think there will be much more later.  
**JF:** This is just kind of a first pass. There will be more. let's see.  
**NB:** Yeah, I think I think it's there's the issue of internal information versus external information. We have to make sure that the the scope of its sources didn't include anything that wasn't public domain.  
**OH:** Mhm.  
**NB:** We don't have to bear that in mind as we were going through it because we would be able to point it to sources that would not be available to the general public and we would be have to be  
**OH:** Good point.  
**NB:** pay attention so that we didn't do that inadvertently.  
**OH:** Yeah, it sounds like part of the system prompt, right? Where we would discuss tone and then internal external.  
**NB:** Yes.  
**OH:** Well, it shouldn't take anything internal into account since we will be linking to external websites with already publicly available information. But it's really good to keep in mind in case anything goes in different direction.  
   
 

### 00:29:51

   
**NB:** Yes. Yep.  
**OH:** Great. So Joseph and I we agreed that we'll start a document where we will have a table explaining like indicating the resources for growing the knowledge base. So it will most probably be something like a two column table. one will indicate a resource. So for example, essential Cardano and the in the second column will provide notes like use information from glossery and FAQs for general questions or don't use information from outdated material stuff like that. So there will be we'll indicate the resources we could use and then we'll share that list because of course we're old people.  
**JF:** Mhm.  
**OH:** We can miss something. We might forget about some useful resources that are out there. So that's something to get going and we can also add a section on system prompts there Joseph u and just like I don't know maybe note down some thoughts and when we will be able to see that maybe  
**LB:** Has any of you ever tried to  
**OH:** it will give us you know some traction like for further development and input.  
   
 

### 00:31:04

   
**JF:** That sounds great.  
**OH:** Yeah.  
**LB:** create a system prompt? I mean asking AI to create a system prompt because I think that's actually quite useful.  
**JF:** Yeah, thanks Lars.  
**LB:** So Mhm.  
**JF:** That's a great great point. I remember back in when I was doing a Marlowe chatbot and I was using the custom GPT platform, they did have some resources for system prompts, but that was a couple years ago. I think they had some templates and they had some tools for helping you develop one.  
**OH:** Heat.  
**JF:** but I haven't thought about it very carefully in a while. So do you have some thoughts Lars about is it your question of just how you approach prompting for for system prompt assistance  
**LB:** Yeah, I mean I've also read some guides but and normally I try just by myself but I've also at least once asked GPT just to basically craft one for me or or look at an exist existing one and optimize it and I basically told it what I want to achieve and then like look at the existing one and then somehow write it concisely and in a compact form and that worked very well actually I think I mean of course you never know I mean to do it properly you would have to try 10 different ones and do experiments and so on but so it's all more art than science but I mean it looked convincingly  
   
 

### 00:32:35

   
**LB:** good what he came up with so I think if you if So if you basically just chat with it and then say okay we doing this documentation side is important this is important that is important no financial advice  
**JF:** Yeah.  
**LB:** no this no that polite and professional I I think it would come up with something at least that one could consider as a basis This  
**JF:** Mhm. Yeah. I wonder if it would be worthwhile to have two different system prompts, two or three different system prompts, and just experiment with with what they're like, or is it better to just really focus on developing one, test it, and refine Yeah.  
**LB:** I mean I think the like if you had lots of time and budget the proper way would probably be to have two or three and then have different test groups. and make I mean ask them to test the thing and then afterwards fill in a survey and give points and then you take the one that somehow is best but I'm not sure whether we can go through that effort or want to so probably I mean I would just go with something and then fix it.  
   
 

### 00:33:36

   
**JF:** Yeah. Yeah.  
**LB:** I mean if there are problems or complaints or whatever then then try to correct it afterwards.  
**JF:** Yeah, that sounds good.  
**LB:** I was also wondering when AM said about the research bot whether that's difficult to do. I mean I like that with I think Gemini does that at least sometimes that it gives you the sources. I mean when it does web searches or so and gives you an answer it always has these footnotes where you can actually click on the source. I mean that would be really nice I think for something like this. I mean where we where people are worried about hallucination and so on. I wonder how difficult that is. probably not that difficult, right? Because in the rack database, you could probably always include like the reference to every snippet you put in there and then it should be relatively straightforward to ask the LLM to to quote that as well. I think that would be a nice touch.  
**AM:** That's the idea.  
   
 

### 00:34:40

   
**AM:** Yep. That's the idea with this project research that it can return not only the reference but the the specific quotation where it's making the the like the source.  
**LB:** Yeah. Yeah.  
**AM:** So what what I can do is put you in contact with with the people that's constructing this Joseph and Lars just for you to have the idea of how they did it and if they can provide all  
**LB:** Right.  
**AM:** the feedback regarding this for you can apply it on on this project too.  
**LB:** right? I mean, yeah, exactly.  
**JF:** I know it's possible to yesterday when I met with the two Globant Enterprise people they showed me an example of of it would site sources and link to those documents.  
**LB:** I think that would be nice.  
**JF:** So if you want to click the links and just go to those documents, you can do that. That's one approach. and it's it's possible we could build in the the the ability to do a web search if that was relevant for us.  
   
 

### 00:35:37

   
**JF:** I'm not sure if it is, but that could be included in the workflow. like are there any you know I don't know that that might be beyond the scope of what we're really trying to do but it is it is possible that we could ask it to make you know do web searches Yeah,  
**LB:** right? I think as long as it's clearly marked, I mean, if it says, "Okay, this information is in the docs and I also did a web search. I searched for this and and that's what I got to make it clear that that's not in in the docs that it's sort of maybe less reliable information. I think that would be cool at least as a as a future extension.  
**JF:** we could consider that, right? Great. Well, maybe we can call it a wrap unless anyone has any other thoughts they want to share or questions. I think we've covered some really good ground here. and and do you think this is a useful way to use our time at least selectively to focus on some particular project like this?  
**LB:** Mhm.  
**OH:** Yes.  
**JF:** Yeah.  
**OH:** Yeah.  
**LB:** Yes.  
**OH:** Absolutely.  
**JF:** Okay.  
**OH:** We can choose like different topics and discuss. So this was this one was important like to us because we're currently like enrolling into this. Next time we can talk about something else. So that's cool. Yeah.  
**LB:** Thank you.  
   
 

### Transcription ended after 00:37:40

*This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.*